Taking advantage of his affability, I blurted out, "Socrates, my life no longer makes sense. Nothing works, except when I'm in the gym. Aren't you supposed tomake things better for me? I thought that's what a teacher did.

He started to speak, but I interrupted.

"And another thing. I've always believed that we have to find our own paths inlife. No one can tell another how to live."

Socrates slapped his forehead with his palm, then looked upward in resignation. "I am part of your path, baboon. And I didn't exactly rob you from the cradleand lock you up here, you know. You can take off whenever you like." He walked to the door and held it open.

Just then, a black limousine pulled into the station, and Soc affected a British accent: "Your car is ready, sir." Disoriented, I actually thought we were going on a trip in the limousine. I mean, why not? So, be fuddled, I walked straight out to the limo and started to climb into the back seat. I found myself staring into the wrinkled old face of a little man, sitting with his arm around a girl of about sixteen, probably off the streets of Berkeley. He stared at me like a hostile lizard.

Soc's hand grabbed me by the back of my sweater and dragged me out of the car.Closing the door, he apologized: "Excuse my young friend. He's never been in a beautiful car like this and just got carried away -- didn't you, Jack?"

I nodded dumbly. "What's going on?" I whispered fiercely out of the side of mymouth. But he was already washing the windows. When the car pulled away, I flushed with embarrassment. "Why didn't you stop me, Socrates?"

"Frankly, it was pretty funny. I hadn't realized you could be so gullible."

We stood there, in the middle of the night, staring each other down. Socratesgrinned as I clenched my teeth, I was getting angry. "I'm really tired ofplaying the fool around you!" I yelled.

"Well, you have to admit that you've been practicing the role so diligently, you've got it nearly perfect." I wheeled around, kicked the trash can, andstomped back toward the office. Then it occurred to me. "Why did you call meJack, a while ago?"

"Short for jackass," he said, passing me.